---
title: Why is Self-Love so important?
path: '/posts/self-love'
image: /images/over-the-shoulder.jpg
date: 2018-07-29
---

Love is what we are born with, while fear is what we have built from our experiences this far. Allowing yourself to take the time to re-establish your self-worth and to do an emotional reset is what self-love is all about. To throw yourself out of our comfort zone, and get you to stop making excuses. To stop allowing fear to run your life and to STOP putting everyone else’s needs ahead of your own.

As Marianne Williamson said in her book Return back to love; “Love is the essential existential fact. It is our ultimate reality and our purpose on earth. To be consciously aware of it, to experience love in ourselves and others, is the meaning of life. Meaning doesn’t lie in things. Meaning lies in us. When we attach value to things that aren’t love – the money, the car, the house, the job – we are loving things that can’t love us back. We are searching for meaning in the meaningless.”

This is exactly what brought me to my lowest point. Allowing material things, and status to run my life. I put all of my energy and relied my happiness to come out of a job, promotions, and making more money until finally I broke. I hit my ultimate low, and this is why I have become a Life Coach. This is why I want to challenge you and help you if you are finding yourself in a similar place.

Change is not be easy! In fact for some of you change can be the most painful and hardest thing to do.

If you have the courage, and are ready to commit to yourself, then YOU do not have to do it alone.

If you are brave to take the first step forward, then I am here to support and guide you to take your next.

Now ask yourself this,

Are you ready to transform your life? Are you ready to put the work in to find the woman you know you are? To give her the power to reignite her passion and achieve her goals?

